---
title: Sharp's unveils new visual brand identity and launches on-trade cask quality
  club
url: https://www.molsoncoors.com/UKandIreland/news/sharps-unveils-new-visual-brand-identity-and-launches-trade-cask-quality-club
date: '2025-04-09'
author: liberty.jackson@molsoncoors.com
feed_url: http://www.molsoncoors.com/rss.xml
---
Sharp's unveils new visual brand identity and launches on-trade cask quality club liberty.jackso… April 09, 2025 Sharp's Brewing Co has unveiled a vibrant new look across its portfolio of award-winning ales, which includes Doom Bar Amber Ale, Sharp’s Offshore Pilsner and Sharp’s Atlantic Pale Ale, inspired by the brewery’s Cornish coastal heritage. The newly designed glassware, packaging and [NJ1] POS for keg and cask are the culmination of a complete brand refresh led by longstanding design partner Buddy Creative. The designs, which draw inspiration from the dramatic landscape surrounding the brewery in Rock, Cornwall, have already started rolling out in pubs and venues across the UK. The rebranding project launched as part of Sharp’s 30th Birthday celebrations in 2024 with the aim of authentically reflecting a more contemporary coastal identity and to bring cohesion to the portfolio under the Sharp’s Brewing Co. trademark. In a poll of 400 ale drinkers, the redesigns significantly boosted appeal among younger legal drinking age consumers, who described them as ‘distinctive’, ‘invigorating’, and ‘exciting’, and respondents cited a strong link to the brewer’s coastal heritage. Existing Doom Bar drinkers included in the survey said they could still easily recognise the brand, while describing the refreshed look and feel as more modern [1] . Alongside the rebrand, Sharp’s, which was founded in 1994 as one of a new generation of British cask brewers, has also launched a new and exclusive Cask Quality Club to celebrate venues that demonstrate excellence in cask beer service. The brewer will select members after identifying qualifying outlets, with members receiving premium POS materials such as specially designed pump clip toppers, masterbrand pump handles, and access to exclusive digital training and promotional assets [NJ2] . James Nicholls, Sharp’s Marketing Controller, said: “Our rebrand marks an exciting new era for Sharp's Brewing Co and our amazing beer and cider portfolio. It’s a testament to the passion we have for our Cornish coastline heritage and constant innovation and sets us up perfectly to lead the cask beer category into the future. “We’ve had overwhelmingly positive response from our consumer research, showing we've struck the right balance between honouring our roots while moving the brand forward. Meanwhile, the launch of our Cask Quality Club typifies our mission to champion the amazing qualities of cask beer across the UK. We want to reinvigorate the cask market by celebrating venues that maintain the highest standards in serving the perfect pint.” ENDS About Sharp’s Brewing Co Ltd Sharp's Brewing Co is a modern brewer, based in Rock, Cornwall, which has grown rapidly since its foundation in 1994. Sharp’s is the largest brewer of cask beer in the South West, and Doom Bar is probably the most successful cask beer of its generation and is currently the UK’s no.1 amber ale*. A testament to the quality of its products, Sharp’s now has a tally of over 150 international brewing awards, including the Country Winner accolade for Doom Bar and Chalky’s Bite at the 2024 World Beer Awards, plus silver medal for Atlantic Pale Ale. Doom Bar and Chalky’s Bite also picked up silver in the International Beer Challenge 2024, with Doom Bar Zero winning bronze. In 2023, Sharp’s also picked up a Country Winner accolade for Camel Valley Pilsner at the World Beer Awards, plus silver medals for Doom Bar, Atlantic Pale Ale, Offshore Pilsner and Doom Bar Zero. Camel Valley Pilsner, Doom Bar Zero, Atlantic Pale Ale, Offshore Pilsner and Chalky’s Bite also picked up medals at the International Beer Challenge 2023. In 2021, Sharp’s Sea Fury won ‘World’s Best Pale Bitter’ in the World Beer Awards and Offshore Pilsner won Country Winner (lager category) with Wolf Rock and Sharp's Camel Valley Pilsner both earning Silver medals, and Atlantic pale ale being awarded a Bronze. Sharp’s Cold River Cider also secured silver at the International Cider Challenge 2021. Sharp’s also won a total of six awards across three categories in the 2021 International Beer Challenge including gold in the International Cask Beer category for Atlantic Pale Ale. During 2020, Sharp’s took home six medals at the World Beer Awards plus Gold for Atlantic in the European Beer Star. Doom Bar won gold in the Brussels Beer Challenge as well as being crowned Inapub People’s Choice Award for Favourite Cask Ale. 2019 saw Doom Bar win The Grocer’s Drinks Brand of the Year, five medals at the Drinks Business Awards, five medals at the International Beer Challenge, two medals at the World Beer Challenge and five titles at the esteemed World Beer Awards 2019, all against some very stiff competition. Sharp’s Brewing Co is a proud supporter of grassroots rugby in Cornwall and sponsors a number of local clubs. In 2019, Sharp’s turned the tables on the music industry through ‘Keynvor’, a partnership with Mercury Music Prize nominee Nick Mulvey to produce the first playable vinyl made from recycled ocean plastic found on the Cornish coast. Proceeds from sales of the exclusive ‘Ocean Vinyl’ including digital streams went to Surfers Against Sewage, raising around £10k, and Sharp’s also supported Surfers Against Sewage’s Million Mile Beach Clean campaign in 2021 and 2022, helping to protect British coastlines from pollution, including plastic waste. During Covid, Sharp’s supported Surf Life Saving Cornwall, donating £9k to provide essential first aid equipment at the volunteer run clubs around the Cornish coast. Website: www.sharpsbrewery.co.uk Facebook page: @sharpsbreweryuk Twitter: @SharpsBrewery Instagram: @sharpsbrewery About Molson Coors For over two centuries Molson Coors has been brewing beverages that unite people for all of life’s moments. In the UK and Ireland we now have four breweries, with our UK home in the renowned brewing town, Burton upon Trent, and a nearly 300-year-old cider press in Suffolk. Molson Coors produces some of the most beloved and iconic beer brands ever made. While the company’s history is rooted in beer, Molson Coors offers a modern portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle. Our growing beverage portfolio in the UK and Ireland includes Aspall Cyder, Atlantic Pale Ale, Cobra, Madri Excepcional, Pravha, Staropramen and Rekorderlig, alongside popular favourites Coors, Carling, and the UK’s number one selling cask ale - Doom Bar. *CGA Data P12 2024 - Data Ending 28/12/2024 [1] MMR research [NJ1] packaging [NJ2] digital training and promotional assets April 08, 2025
