---
title: Madrí Excepcional launches alcohol-free version in the on trade
url: https://www.molsoncoors.com/UKandIreland/news/madri-excepcional-launches-alcohol-free-version-trade-0
date: '2025-04-02'
author: liberty.jackson@molsoncoors.com
feed_url: http://www.molsoncoors.com/rss.xml
---
Madrí Excepcional launches alcohol-free version in the on trade liberty.jackso… April 02, 2025 Madrí Excepcional 0.0% to be available at venues across the UK from 3rd March The launch comes as more than half (52%) of 18–34-year-olds now moderate their alcohol consumption [1] Sales of Madrí Excepcional, the second-largest world lager brand in the on-trade by value [2] , have increased by 14.3% year-on-year [3] Molson Coors Beverage Company is launching Madrí Excepcional 0.0%, a zero-alcohol version of its popular Spanish style lager which was created in partnership with La Sagra brewery in Spain. The no- and low-alcohol category continues to outpace the rest of the beer market, growing by 50% to be worth £142m to pubs, bars and restaurants over the last 12 months [4] . The alcohol-free lager will hit on-trade venues across the UK from March 2025. The number of drinkers choosing to moderate has also increased dramatically, up by 2.2m between 2016 and 2023 [5] , with more than half (53%) of 18–34-year-olds, and 41% of Britain’s total adult population cutting back on alcohol [6] . Some 51% of these no- and low-alcohol drinkers do so in pubs, bars, and restaurants [7] . Sophie Mitchell, Marketing Controller at Madrí Excepcional, added: “Consumers increasingly expect to see a no- and low-alcohol versions of their favourite beers. With Madri Excepcional fast becoming the flagship brand in the world beer category, launching 0.0% is a natural evolution for us. “It means consumers can stick with one of their favourite beers, even when looking to moderate, and enables venues to better cater for a growing no- and low-alcohol market, while still tapping into the popularity of the Madri Excepcional brand.” At launch, Madri Excpecional was the most successful new beer launch ever into the UK on-trade and, in less than five years, has become the second-largest world lager brand in the on-trade [8] , growing sales by 14.3% [9] over the last year [10] . The 0.0% version, which will launch in 330ml glass bottles, is created using cutting edge technology to remove alcohol which retains the refreshing flavour drinkers expect from Madri Excepcional. Simon Smith, Head of R&D and Innovation at Molson Coors Beverage Company, said: “Madri Excepcional 0.0% is brewed using cutting edge technology which is proven to retain the best flavour and quality, resulting in the same well-rounded taste profile as Madrí Excepcional, and a crisp, clean and refreshing beer full of flavour and aroma.” In consumer testing, Madrí Excepcional 0.0% was preferred to other zero-alcohol world beers for taste, appearance, aftertaste and mouthfeel [11] . The rollout will be backed by a multi-million-pound marketing campaign, including advertising, PR, paid social, and a programme of influencer activity. Madrí Excepcional and its alcohol-free variant will both appear in a brand-new TV ad later this year. Madrí Excepcional will be unveiling a new experience on its Conectada platform to support the launch of Madrí Excepcional 0.0% in April 2025. ENDS About Molson Coors For over two centuries Molson Coors has been brewing beverages that unite people for all of life’s moments. In the UK and Ireland we now have four breweries, with our UK home in the renowned brewing town, Burton upon Trent, and a nearly 300-year-old cider press in Suffolk. Molson Coors produces some of the most beloved and iconic beer brands ever made. While the company’s history is rooted in beer, Molson Coors offers a modern portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle. Our growing beverage portfolio in the UK and Ireland includes Aspall Cyder, Atlantic Pale Ale, Cobra, Madri Excepcional, Pravha, Staropramen and Rekorderlig, alongside popular favourites Coors, Carling, and the UK’s number one selling cask ale - Doom Bar. [1] Kantar Profiles/Mintel, May 2022, April 2023, April 2024 [2] CGA OPM Data P13 data to 28/12/24 52 weeks ending [3] CGA OPM Data P13 data to 28/12/24 52 weeks ending [4] CGA data value sales 52 weeks to 15/06/24 [5] Kantar Alcovision | Drinkers % | 12 m/e 31 Jan 2024 [6] Kantar Profiles/Mintel, May 2022, April 2023, April 2024 [7] Kantar Profiles/Mintel, April 2024 [8] CGA OPM Data P13 data to 28/12/24 52 weeks ending [9] CGA data, Total GB value sales to w/e 15.06.24 [10] CGA OPM Data P13 data to 28/12/24 52 weeks ending [11] MMR, 2024. Sample size=255 February 25, 2025
