---
title: 'Carling launches Black Label: New beer revives iconic name for UK market'
url: https://www.molsoncoors.com/UKandIreland/news/carling-launches-black-label-new-beer-revives-iconic-name-uk-market
date: '2026-03-26'
author: samuel.wells@molsoncoors.com
feed_url: http://www.molsoncoors.com/rss.xml
---
Carling launches Black Label: New beer revives iconic name for UK market samuel.wells@m… March 26, 2026 Carling Black Label to be available across the UK grocery, wholesale and convenience channels from 16th March New liquid crafted to complement the core Carling range, offering a premium British lager for modern day beer drinkers looking to trade up Molson Coors Beverage Company is expanding the Carling portfolio with the launch of Carling Black Label, a new beer that honours the brand’s heritage while delivering a new beer for modern day drinkers. Carling Black Label is a 4.7% ABV full-flavoured lager that has been developed to complement the core Carling range, offering the opportunity to trade up to a premium British lager with the quality assurance of a trusted brand. The new lager is made with 100% British barley and brewed in the British home of brewing, Burton on Trent, is cold-filtered for refreshment and offers drinkers an intense flavour experience. The Black Label name will be instantly familiar to loyal Carling drinkers – it was how the brand was known in the UK until the late 1990s and remains part of the brand’s identity in certain markets to this day. But now Carling is bringing Black Label back as a distinct new product within its UK portfolio. Carling is the best-selling core lager brand in the UK off-trade [1] , loved for its British heritage, affinity with football and association with a range of social occasions. The introduction of Carling Black Label marks a bold step for the brand into the premium segment, complementing the existing offer. As shoppers look to trade up for more special occasions, the new Carling variant will help retailers offer a full-bodied, premium option from a trusted, leading British brand – tapping into the nostalgia many feel for the original Black Label. Carling Black Label will be available in the off-trade from 16th March nationwide in 4x568ml, 4x568ml and10x440ml pack formats. Ryan Mclaughlin, Brand Director for Carling, said: "Carling has been loved by people for decades, bringing mates together for occasions that matter. Now we're taking the brand into the future, while honouring its heritage - giving drinkers an exciting new lager that celebrates the role Carling continues to play in British drinking culture.” Kevin Fawell, UK Sales Director at Molson Coors Beverage Company, said: “Carling Black Label is a full-flavoured lager designed for today's beer market, and we're confident it will resonate with both those who remember the name and those discovering it for the first time. To be able to expand the Carling offering for our customers is a really exciting opportunity for us to reach new and existing Carling drinkers.” Paul Rudge, Beer Sommelier at Molson Coors comments: “Carling Black Label has a slight appley fruit note on the nose backed up by a hint of digestive biscuit. As you taste the beer you get the rounded sweetness of the malt, but the hops have become more pronounced giving it a fuller body with plenty of pleasant bitterness and a rounded finish.” The launch of Carling Black Label will be supported by a consumer marketing campaign which will feature PR, social and influencer engagement. ENDS About Molson Coors For over two centuries Molson Coors has been brewing beverages that unite people for all of life's moments. We have breweries across the UK, including our UK home in the renowned brewing town, Burton upon Trent, and a nearly 300-year-old cider press in Suffolk. Molson Coors produces some of the most beloved and iconic beer brands, from the UK’s leading core lager brand, Carling, to popular favourites such as Coors, Madrí Excepcional, Pravha, Staropramen, Atlantic Pale Ale, Cobra and Doom Bar. While its history is rooted in beer, Molson Coors offers a modern portfolio that expands beyond the beer aisle, with a growing beverage range in the UK and Ireland including Aspall Cyder and Rekorderlig. [1] (Circana GB Off Trade 52 w/e 1-Nov-25) February 09, 2026
